Take a break and get rid of him!
I know.
This lady has a good relationship with me,
Just asking for global harm,
If you let go earlier,
It's all because of you that we don't have the chance to be together. Once we come, we will still be separated from each other.
You can tell me how close I am, I will treat you like this later,
I also recommend letting go.
Don’t you dare go anywhere? I’ve been talking where I am,
Or the protection in your arms, only for me to come out,
I'll give you the ambassador's protection.
What is this, so late?
People who come by boat can talk nonsense.
It's my master, I had the power to get it outside before,
Talking about nothing. Three or four gods said this
because of his hand
Yang is not enough to suppress
worth using
More brothers
But there is something blessed to suppress it
Stop talking nonsense
Think about it this way
You can be released later
I said the same thing
I believe it will harm me too but
Then let's go next
Meet and forgive
The lady has been under the Lord's treatment for nearly two days.
I understand it's not okay
But otherwise be careful
Let me tell you after the sunset, don't worry
I was just turned to death by others
I'm sure there won't be any problems